at these funerals in K Unice the living
outnumber the dead but only
just leaving a loved one behind is less
than
easy processing
loss is
slow and
painful here saying farewell with a
final
caress but doctors that work
nearby never choose to say goodbye they
hurry hard to save young
lives we were sitting the day was just
starting and children wanted to go to
the bathroom then the mortar hit us we
were inside the room my two Elder
children fell I went to see them but
mortar sharel hit my
leg treating shop difficult with time
and medication both in short supply
sleep in hospitals like this is no
substitute for
safety elsewhere the struggle to recover
survivors a recurring
nightmare we were sleeping in our house
and suddenly there was a strike like a
battle bomb they are wounded people
everything is destroyed it has been 70
days living like this in war and
destruction another sunrise in southern
Gaza reveals another air
strike
daylight here provides no respite only
highlights further
destruction vill marks Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer